# marketi

Marketi is an API for querying historical prices for Kosovo stores. Generally, we aim to normalize all data s.t the same
shopping items can be cross-referenced across different markets.

## Architecture:

- Each scraper starts with an `ItemDownloader`.
- An `ItemDownloader` feeds into an `ItemNormalizer`. Each market should supply its own `ItemNormalizer`. This converts
  a `RawShoppingItem` into a `ShoppingItem`.
- An `ItemLog` is used to append items and commit them for later reducing.
- An `ItemReducer` is used to reduce candidate items to one `ShoppingItem`. This is important because many markets can
  contain the same product,  
  but have dirty data that may want to be discarded, so we pick the "best data" of the bunch for a specific item.
- Then, at the end of the pipeline we can insert a `Consumer<ShoppingItem>` sink which can be used to store the items
  anywhere.

## LLM Use:

LLM use is encouraged but of course any commits/changes made must be overviewed by a human first. It tends to be best
that "dirty" work such as name parsing, normalization, extensive RegEx work is left to an LLM. Test generation is also
where LLMs excel. LLMs can also help with architectural decisions, but generally this is not recommended as LLMs are not
inherently "creative". Paraphrasing the words of Yann LeCun: _An LLM does not know the consequences of its actions._

There's also scrapers: `ItemDownloader`s can be pretty reliably generated by LLMs, though it may be better to guide the
LLM through the process to ensure that you do not fall into the trap of using the first solution presented to you (i.e:
a scraper with no parallelism, no fault tolerance, error-logging, etc.)

## Goals:

- Provide a simple API interface for querying market prices in Kosovo.
- Index all shopping markets in Kosovo daily.

Copyright &copy; 2026 Pelaj Studios - All Rights Reserved.